# 1. I’ve been lucky to work with some incredible people... by BuccoCapital Bloke
URL: https://twitter.com/buccocapital/status/1786198616538763705

On Success

“Beyond a certain point, a “successful” career is a selfish pursuit. The sooner you embrace this, the better your relationships will be

It’s ok for your career to be about making you happy. Pretending it’s for other people is the dangerous game”


3. On Building Relationships

Need to build a working relationship with someone new, quickly? Ask for their advice/feedback on something you’re working on

It’s an immediate sign that you respect and trust them. They’ll match that


The most underrated career advice is that you should be enjoyable to work with

if I had a dollar for every talented asshole whose career stalled out, or got pushed out of the business

Do people want to work on projects with you? Think about it…


5. On Building Resilience

Be willing to sit in the hot seat. Raise your hand to solve hard problems under scrutiny

You learn resilience. You gain exposure. You develop hard + soft skills. You show you’re ready for bigger challenges

Massive career accelerant


6. On presenting:

Ask yourself, “What are the five questions someone might ask that could fuck me? Add slides answering those questions to the appendix. That’s your body armor.”


7. Career advice given by CRO, offhand in meeting:

- Can’t turn off ambition. About channeling it  
- 20s: Work ass off. Young enough to burn the candle at both ends  
- 30s: Build great home life. Can’t do both. Family first  
- Once kids start ignoring you, focus back on work


10. On The Responsibility of Management

When I first become a manager my boss gave me good advice:

“From this day on, everything you say to your team will be interpreted as a mandate. If you


11. On skill development:

Great careers are built by focusing on our strengths and acknowledging + mitigating our weaknesses

Can mitigate by getting to acceptable skill level but also by complementing w/ strong players around you who are great at your weaknesses


Most metrics are convoluted ways for MBAs to explain what they could have learned by just speaking to customers


VP of Sales went to a PM and said "You need to build this feature. This comes from the CEO directly"

PM said: "If I had built everything the CEO has told me to build we wouldn't exist as a business."

CEO laughed. PM was right


